Google Drive and GitHub in individual and group IT projects

	I have been using Google Drive both personally and for projects for several years, and I find it very useful. It is perfect for old files I no longer want on my hard drive, and documents I might need when far from my computer. I do not normally use it for individual projects; I almost always do those on my own computer and therefore I don't need to store files on Internet. If I am forced to work on another computer, it does come in handy to store files there, instead of emailing them to myself. 
	In a group project, it is a perfect tool for collaboration, as many people can work on the same document, even at the same time. It provides text documents, spreadsheets, drawings, surveys and sharing them, as well as uploading, viewing and downloading all types of files. Still, how useful it is depends a lot on habits of team members. If they do not use Google or Gmail or are simply lazy to check Google Folder, any kind of collaboration is going to fail. Google can do nothing about that.
	When it comes to coding, however, use of Google Drive is just a little better than simply emailing zip or rar of the project to all team members. In that case, it is only possible to share files, and no real collaboration can be established. 

	None of the applications from the B list was familiar to me, so I decided to choose GitHub, as it seemed to be specialized for coding projects, unlike Google Drive. It is quite different – very clean interface, without too much graphical content to make it easier to understand. During quick browsing I found ability of sharing files and wikis with community and creating connections with other users, as well as adding them as friends. Files and wikis, however, are obviously meant to be used for code, and all communication has to go over them – there are no private messages. Only thanks to Google I understood that, instead of simply uploaded, files have to be “pushed” from the command line.
	As suggested on the home page, the application was meant for collaboration on software, and since it apparently provides code management and review (also stated on home page), I believe it is a powerful tool for software development team projects. It gives an opportunity for direct collaboration on the code, enabling team work from large distances. 
	I find it, however, completely useless for anything but coding. Sharing design documentation and project reports is unnecessarily complicated on GitHub, and team would probably have a different way to communicate those. I think that that is a huge drawback of this application. 
	Speaking of individual projects, I believe that posting code there might be good – it would generate feedback from other users which can be very useful in such a big community of professionals. For anything else - it is too difficult and non-intuitive. My submission probably is a very good proof of that. 
